add: call icrc rosetta docs (#3170)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icrc_rosetta/data_api/blocks.mdx

    }
}
```

## Querying block ranges

> One limitation of the `/block` endpoint is that you can only query one block at a time. Depending on your setup the fetching ob blocks of rosetta may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One limitation of the `/block` endpoint is that you can only query one block at a time. Depending on your setup, this may
```

> be a bottleneck. To eleviate this issue you can use the `/call` endpoint and parse the method name `query_block_range` to fetch up to `10'000` blocks at a time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be a bottleneck. To alleviate this issue you can use the `/call` endpoint and parse the method name `query_block_range` to fetch up to `10_000` blocks at a time. 
```

> An example call could look like the following. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example call resembles the following:
```

```json
curl --location '0.0.0.0:8082/call'  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{
    "network_identifier": {
            "blockchain": "Internet Computer",
            "network": "mxzaz-hqaaa-aaaar-qaada-cai"
    },
    "method_name": "query_block_range",
    "parameters":{
        "highest_block_index":1646155,
        "number_of_blocks":2
    }
}'
```

> The parameters are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters are used:
```

> * `number_of_blocks`: This parameter represents the number of blocks you want to fetch. The maximum value for it is `10'000`.
> * `highest_block_index`: This represents the block you are trying to fetch with the highest block index. All subsequent blocks that you want to fetch in the same call will have a lower block index. 
> If `highest_block_index > X` with `X` being the most recent block in the Rosetta database, then Rosetta will only return the blocks in the range `[highest_block_index,highest_block_index-number_of_blocks)` which have a block index that is smaller or equal to `X`. 
> This means that Rosetta does not guarentee that all blocks that you asked for are present in the database and it does not guarentee that the exact number of blocks you asked for will be returned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `number_of_blocks`: The amount of blocks you want to fetch. The maximum value for it is `10_000`.
* `highest_block_index`: The block you are trying to fetch with the highest block index. All subsequent blocks that you want to fetch in the same call will have a lower block index. 
If `highest_block_index > X` with `X` being the most recent block in the Rosetta database, then Rosetta will only return the blocks in the range `[highest_block_index,highest_block_index-number_of_blocks]` which have a block index that is smaller or equal to `X`. 
This means that Rosetta does not guarantee that all blocks that you asked for are present in the database and it does not guarantee that the exact number of blocks you asked for will be returned. 
```
